nice this is my job i understand how she is
important for you well afford
relax at least the house I came to
I know a lot of priests for an officer
you don't look like them and I know a lot of cops
and you're a typical pizzeria every night
digging in shit i've seen a lot of horrible
things but everything is human
explanation means you have not seen evil
crazy complain about strange sounds
the noise after you what is this inscription and
i have seen two types of evil in this life
secondary is evil human
nature and paramount
something completely different its not so easy
overcome this record but 3 voices
one voice of a five year old girl in each
culture in every religion exists
exorcism
darkness has settled in my soul with me
something happens tell me what are you
saw you feel that others are not
feel and it makes you your tongue
family in danger start save us from
crafty